SailPoint IdentityIQ is an identity and access management solution for enterprise customers that delivers a wide
variety of IAM processes-including automated access certifications, policy management, access request and
provisioning, password management, and identity intelligence. Furthermore, IdentityIQ has a flexible
connectivity model that simplifies the management of applications running in the datacenter or the cloud.
Compliance Manager — IdentityIQ Compliance Manager automates access certifications, policy management,
and audit reporting through a unified governance framework. This enables you to streamline compliance
processes and improve the effectiveness of identity governance-all while lowering costs.
Lifecycle Manager — IdentityIQ Lifecycle Manager manages changes to access through user-friendly self-service
request and password management interfaces and automated lifecycle events. It provides a flexible, scalable
provisioning solution for addressing the constantly evolving access needs of your business in a way that's both
efficient and compliant.
Integration Modules — IdentityIQ offers Integration Modules that support the extended enterprise IT
infrastructure. Third party provisioning and service desk integration enable multiple sources of fulfillment to
access change. Service catalog integration supports a unified service request experience with integrated
governance and fulfillment. Mobile device management integration mitigates risk posed by mobile devices
through centralized visibility, control and automation. And IdentityIQ’s IT security integration provides enhanced
security with improved responsiveness and controls.
Open Identity Platform — SailPoint’s Open Identity Platform lays the foundation for effective and scalable IAM
within the enterprise. It establishes a common framework that centralizes identity data, captures business policy,
models roles, and takes a risk-based, proactive approach to managing users and resources. The Open Identity
Platform is fully extensible, providing robust analytics which transforms disparate and technical identity data into
relevant business information, resource connectivity that allows organizations to directly connect IdentityIQ to
applications running in the datacenter or in the cloud, and APIs and a plugin framework to allow customers and
partners to extend IdentityIQ to meet a wide array of needs. An open platform allows organizations to build a
single preventive and detective control model that supports all identity business processes, across all
applications-in the datacenter and the cloud. SailPoint IdentityIQ applies consistent governance across
compliance, provisioning and access management processes, maximizing investment and eliminating the need to
buy and integrate multiple products.
Password Manager — IdentityIQ Password Manager delivers a simple-to-use solution for managing user
passwords across cloud and on-premises applications policies from any desktop browser or mobile device. By
providing intuitive self-service and delegated administration options to manage passwords while enforcing
enterprise-grade password, IdentityIQ enables businesses to reduce operational costs and boost productivity.
